ZScaler ZIA Cloud NSS Modeling (#34586)
demisto/content: Packs/Zscaler/README.md

   
   | Parameter Name | Value                                                            |
   | :--------------| :--------------------------------------------------------------- | 
   | `Name`         | Specify a descriptive Name, for e.g., *Zscaler ZIA Cloud NSS*.   | 
   | `Compression`  | Select *gzip*.                                                   | 
   | `Log Format`   | Select *JSON*.                                                   | 
   | `Vendor`       | Enter *zscaler*.                                                 |
   | `Product`      | Enter *nss*.                                                     | 

3. Click **Save & Generate Token**.
   1. Click the **Copy** icon and record the copied generated token somewhere safe. You will need to provide this token when you configure the ZIA Cloud NSS feed on Zscaler. 
   2. Click **Done** when finished.
4. Hover over the new created HTTP Collector instance, and click the **Copy API URL**. You will need to provide this URL when you configure the ZIA Cloud NSS feed on Zscaler. 

### Configure a Cloud NSS Feed on Zscaler ZIA Admin Portal

> You well need to [add a Cloud NSS Feed](https://help.zscaler.com/zia/adding-cloud-nss-feeds) on the Zscaler ZIA Admin Portal for each log type you wish to subscribe to - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to [add a Cloud NSS Feed](https://help.zscaler.com/zia/adding-cloud-nss-feeds) on the Zscaler ZIA Admin Portal for each log type to subscribe to. 
```

- [Adding Cloud NSS Feeds for Web Logs](https://help.zscaler.com/zia/adding-cloud-nss-feeds-web-logs)
- [Adding Cloud NSS Feeds for DNS Logs](https://help.zscaler.com/zia/adding-cloud-nss-feeds-dns-logs)
- [Adding Cloud NSS Feeds for Admin Audit Logs](https://help.zscaler.com/zia/adding-cloud-nss-feeds-admin-audit-logs)

#### Remarks 

> For each Cloud NSS Feed you configure - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each Cloud NSS Feed you configure: 
```
